help/ru/dex/faq.md, before:

# FAQ

##### Do you have any video tutorials that I can watch so that I can learn how to open and account and trade?

Yes, we have a series of videos that we invite you to enjoy:
Getting Started [http://bit.ly/2ovVYRJ](http://bit.ly/2ovVYRJ) 
Importing Existing Wallets [http://bit.ly/2oIGfBe](http://bit.ly/2oIGfBe)
Funding Your Account With [http://bit.ly/2oIyfQu](http://bit.ly/2oIyfQu)
Participating in an ICO [http://bit.ly/2oAevhA](http://bit.ly/2oAevhA). 


##### Where can I log in? I see only the page for creating new account.

You can log in using these two pages:
[https://bitshares.openledger.info/existing-account](https://bitshares.openledger.info/existing-account)
[https://bitshares.openledger.info/create-wallet-brainkey](https://bitshares.openledger.info/create-wallet-brainkey)

Once the order is filled (i.e. someone sold/bought your offer), your account
will be credited by the corresponding asset.

Unfilled orders can be canceled at any time.

##### Как войти на сайт?

To log into your existing account, you need a backup file and password or brainkey and password. You cannot log in using only login and password.
There you can sign in:
[https://openledger.io/existing-account](https://openledger.io/existing-account)
[https://openledger.io/create-wallet-brainkey](https://openledger.io/create-wallet-brainkey)
With login and password you can sign in only if you are using account model (if you registered your account with Account Model).
Backup file is a binary file with .bin extension, probably it was created after account creating (every user is suggested to create backup after account creating).

##### I've sent funds to my OpenLedger account hours ago, but I still don't see the funds on my account.

Please write an email with your account name and transaction details to support@openledger.info. 

##### How do I to create account?

Use this page https://bitshares.openledger.info/create-account

##### I want to create an order but it tells me that I don't have enough BTS, but I don't have BTS to create an order.

For creating order you need to pay a fee. Usually it is paid in BTS. But if you choose the Advanced Mode, you can choose in which currency you would like to pay the fee for creating your order.

##### How do I deposit BTC on an OpenLedger account?

Check watch our video tutorial http://bit.ly/2ow23Og [http://bit.ly/2ow23Og](http://bit.ly/2ow23Og)

##### How do I cancel an order?

Go to Account, then Orders. There you will see the cancel button.

##### I can't create an order because I have an error message that reads, ‘Transaction was not signed.’

Do the following:
- Check if you have backup file, If not, create it
- Delete all of your wallets
- Clear cache in browser
- Restore your account using backup file and your password

##### What is a brainkey?

If you never manually imported an account key into your wallet, you can alternatively backup your accounts and their funds by exporting the brainkey, a string of words from which your keys are derived deterministically.

##### How do I buy STEEM, ETH, etc?

Go to The OpenLedger DEX and on the right you will see tab 'Find Markets'

##### Do you have offline/cold wallet for OBITS?

OBITS are located in a browserbased webwallet only accessible via privated keys located in the cookies of each pc. Nobody is able to access your account, because it is located on the blockchain and only accessible via your own personal pc and password. It is vital that you save the backup key and the password, but if you have both, you will be able to access your account anywhere in the world, from any pc. You do not need a paper wallet to feel safe. All you need is the ability to access with your backup key and password. If one of these are missing you, have lost access to your accout –forever. Please remember to take the first step is to ensure both backup and password are saved in an external hard disc or usb and placed somewhere safe.

##### I would like to buy OBITS at Livecoin, but then I would like to deposit them in my Openledger account.

At Livecoin, you have to simply make a withdrawal to the name of your account on OpenLedger

##### How do I transfer my BTC/ETH/etc to another exchange? 

Use the Withdraw function. 

##### How do I add coins to your exchange? What is the procedure?

Use our special form for coin adding. Follow this link: [https://openledger.io/create-account?addcoin](https://openledger.io/create-account?addcoin) 

##### I made a mistake sending funds to account. I typed wrong address. What do I do? Can you return my funds?

We are not able to access users funds. The only way you can theoretically have your funds returned to you is to send a request to return funds sent by mistake. ALWAYS CHECK THE ADDRESS TWICE.

##### I purchased some tokens/cryptocurrency and now I've lost access to my account. Can you please return my funds?

We are sorry but there is no such possibility. 

##### How do I make FIAT Deposits and Withdrawals?

When you deposit FIAT to your OpenLedger account name, you are sending the amount in question to an OPENLEDGER bank account, and this same amount will then appear as OPEN.USD or OPEN.EUR in your account. This amount will appear the same, provided no costs have been deducted from your side or via any correspondent bank. 
It is FREE to deposit FIAT directly to OpenLedger with a minimum of $50 USD or 50 EUR. Amounts less than this are possible, but charged with a 2% deposit fee with a minimum deposit of $2 USD/2EUR/15 CNY.
When you withdraw any one of the two FIAT pegged assets  - OPEN.USD and OPEN.EUR - directly to FIAT USD or EUR in your own bank account, it will appear with a deducted commission of 3% of the amount, based on minimum withdrawals of $100 USD.

##### Which wallet stores OBITS? Can I create a wallet on OpenLedger?  How can I store OBITS offline like Bitcoin cold wallet?

Your OpenLedger account is your cold wallet, and you are in control of this account on the basis of your of private keys which are stored in your cookies within your browser. OpenLedger is a browserbased webwallet and nobody but you has access to your account. PLEASE REMEMBER to save your password and backup file (.bin file) as this is only way to access your account later on, but with this you can access from anywhere in the world on any computer. You are also able to go to bitshares.org and download the wallet.
OBITS are located in a browserbased webwallet only accessible via privated keys located in the cookies of each computer. Nobody is able to access your account, because it is located on the blockchain and only accessible via your own personal computer and password. PLEASE REMEMBER to save the backup key and the password, as with both you will be able to access your account from anywhere in the world, and from any other computer as well. one of these are missing you have lost access to your accout forever, so the first step is to ensure both backup and password are saved to an external hard disc or usb. If you would like to have a downladed version of OpenLedger, parts of it are available via the bitshares.org once you download that wallet to your computer. In terms of sercurity it does not make a big difference. Plus the ease of access is better with the webwallet.

##### Where can I buy OBITS?

Follow this link and you will find full info about where and how you can buy OBITS [https://obits.io/buy/](https://obits.io/buy/)  

##### What is an ICOO?

For ITOs/ICOs, the ICOO token funds projects. If you like to know more about what ICOO is, please logon to [https://icoo.io/](https://icoo.io/) 
Also check please these videos:
Crowdfunding the market's dream [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAjYA_6T2Ac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAjYA_6T2Ac)
ICOO - How to trade a token before anyone else [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_fDWnwSBZQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_fDWnwSBZQ)  

##### What is the date of next OBITS voting

As there are still not enough voting-eligible holders to make a difference, the next time we will have OBITS voting is expected to be between September-November 2017. It will absolutely be after the ITO's of the eDEV freelancer platform and GetGame, the start-up Games development and growth platform.  We have added OBITS WARRANTS in connection with both previously mentioned projects, same as with Apptrade, with the aim to add a noticable amount of holders by end of year 2017. The estimated total of OBITS holders by the end of 2017 is around 3000, and as of April 10, 2017 we are at 1075.

##### I've just stumbled on your website looking at ICO/ITO to fund a venture. Previously I looked at colored coins, and then ethereum as a way to create digital assets/contracts. Does your site allow others to create/crowdfund for their projects?

Yes, we can help you to start crowdfund for your projects or support existing crowdsale. But we need to know more about you, your company and project.

##### We are wondering what services you offer to companies who are looking at ITO/ ICO. Is there an application form once we decide that we would like to proceed? 

As noted experts in launching ITOs/ICOs, OpenLedger Crowdfunding Services include:
Crowdfunding Technology: Asset Issuing, Asset Distribution, Crowdfunding Module, Multisig Escrow Service, Pre-Token Trading, Token Exit Options, and Token Crowdsale Page Creation
Marketing: Branding, Product Validation, Marketing & Business Strategy, Website Design & Creation, Investor Relations, Content Creation, Blog Promotion, Advertising, Whitepaper Creation, Translations, Video Production, Newsletter Coverage 
Public Relations: Press Release Services, Media Coverage, Interview Arrangements
Legal: Legal Analysis, Regulatory Analysis, Token Structure Advising

Commit message:

change exchange currency and add clear error func

help/ru/dex/faq.md, after:

# FAQ

##### Do you have any video tutorials that I can watch so that I can learn how to open and account and trade?

Yes, we have a series of videos that we invite you to enjoy:
Getting Started [http://bit.ly/2ovVYRJ](http://bit.ly/2ovVYRJ) 
Importing Existing Wallets [http://bit.ly/2oIGfBe](http://bit.ly/2oIGfBe)
Funding Your Account With [http://bit.ly/2oIyfQu](http://bit.ly/2oIyfQu)
Participating in an ICO [http://bit.ly/2oAevhA](http://bit.ly/2oAevhA). 


##### Where can I log in? I see only the page for creating new account.

You can log in using these two pages:
[https://bitshares.openledger.info/existing-account](https://bitshares.openledger.info/existing-account)
[https://bitshares.openledger.info/create-wallet-brainkey](https://bitshares.openledger.info/create-wallet-brainkey)

Once the order is filled (i.e. someone sold/bought your offer), your account
will be credited by the corresponding asset.

Unfilled orders can be canceled at any time.

##### How do I log in?

To log into your existing account, you need a backup file and password or brainkey and password. You cannot log in using only login and password.
There you can sign in:
[https://openledger.io/existing-account](https://openledger.io/existing-account)
[https://openledger.io/create-wallet-brainkey](https://openledger.io/create-wallet-brainkey)
With login and password you can sign in only if you are using account model (if you registered your account with Account Model).
Backup file is a binary file with .bin extension, probably it was created after account creating (every user is suggested to create backup after account creating).

##### I've sent funds to my OpenLedger account hours ago, but I still don't see the funds on my account.

Please write an email with your account name and transaction details to support@openledger.info. 

##### How do I to create account?

Use this page https://bitshares.openledger.info/create-account

##### I want to create an order but it tells me that I don't have enough BTS, but I don't have BTS to create an order.

For creating order you need to pay a fee. Usually it is paid in BTS. But if you choose the Advanced Mode, you can choose in which currency you would like to pay the fee for creating your order.

##### How do I deposit BTC on an OpenLedger account?

Check watch our video tutorial http://bit.ly/2ow23Og [http://bit.ly/2ow23Og](http://bit.ly/2ow23Og)

##### How do I cancel an order?

Go to Account, then Orders. There you will see the cancel button.

##### I can't create an order because I have an error message that reads, ‘Transaction was not signed.’

Do the following:
- Check if you have backup file, If not, create it
- Delete all of your wallets
- Clear cache in browser
- Restore your account using backup file and your password

##### What is a brainkey?

If you never manually imported an account key into your wallet, you can alternatively backup your accounts and their funds by exporting the brainkey, a string of words from which your keys are derived deterministically.

##### How do I buy STEEM, ETH, etc?

Go to The OpenLedger DEX and on the right you will see tab 'Find Markets'

##### Do you have offline/cold wallet for OBITS?

OBITS are located in a browserbased webwallet only accessible via privated keys located in the cookies of each pc. Nobody is able to access your account, because it is located on the blockchain and only accessible via your own personal pc and password. It is vital that you save the backup key and the password, but if you have both, you will be able to access your account anywhere in the world, from any pc. You do not need a paper wallet to feel safe. All you need is the ability to access with your backup key and password. If one of these are missing you, have lost access to your accout –forever. Please remember to take the first step is to ensure both backup and password are saved in an external hard disc or usb and placed somewhere safe.

##### I would like to buy OBITS at Livecoin, but then I would like to deposit them in my Openledger account.

At Livecoin, you have to simply make a withdrawal to the name of your account on OpenLedger

##### How do I transfer my BTC/ETH/etc to another exchange? 

Use the Withdraw function. 

##### How do I add coins to your exchange? What is the procedure?

Use our special form for coin adding. Follow this link: [https://openledger.io/create-account?addcoin](https://openledger.io/create-account?addcoin) 

##### I made a mistake sending funds to account. I typed wrong address. What do I do? Can you return my funds?

We are not able to access users funds. The only way you can theoretically have your funds returned to you is to send a request to return funds sent by mistake. ALWAYS CHECK THE ADDRESS TWICE.

##### I purchased some tokens/cryptocurrency and now I've lost access to my account. Can you please return my funds?

We are sorry but there is no such possibility. 

##### How do I make FIAT Deposits and Withdrawals?

When you deposit FIAT to your OpenLedger account name, you are sending the amount in question to an OPENLEDGER bank account, and this same amount will then appear as OPEN.USD or OPEN.EUR in your account. This amount will appear the same, provided no costs have been deducted from your side or via any correspondent bank. 
It is FREE to deposit FIAT directly to OpenLedger with a minimum of $50 USD or 50 EUR. Amounts less than this are possible, but charged with a 2% deposit fee with a minimum deposit of $2 USD/2EUR/15 CNY.
When you withdraw any one of the two FIAT pegged assets  - OPEN.USD and OPEN.EUR - directly to FIAT USD or EUR in your own bank account, it will appear with a deducted commission of 3% of the amount, based on minimum withdrawals of $100 USD.

##### Which wallet stores OBITS? Can I create a wallet on OpenLedger?  How can I store OBITS offline like Bitcoin cold wallet?

Your OpenLedger account is your cold wallet, and you are in control of this account on the basis of your of private keys which are stored in your cookies within your browser. OpenLedger is a browserbased webwallet and nobody but you has access to your account. PLEASE REMEMBER to save your password and backup file (.bin file) as this is only way to access your account later on, but with this you can access from anywhere in the world on any computer. You are also able to go to bitshares.org and download the wallet.
OBITS are located in a browserbased webwallet only accessible via privated keys located in the cookies of each computer. Nobody is able to access your account, because it is located on the blockchain and only accessible via your own personal computer and password. PLEASE REMEMBER to save the backup key and the password, as with both you will be able to access your account from anywhere in the world, and from any other computer as well. one of these are missing you have lost access to your accout forever, so the first step is to ensure both backup and password are saved to an external hard disc or usb. If you would like to have a downladed version of OpenLedger, parts of it are available via the bitshares.org once you download that wallet to your computer. In terms of sercurity it does not make a big difference. Plus the ease of access is better with the webwallet.

##### Where can I buy OBITS?

Follow this link and you will find full info about where and how you can buy OBITS [https://obits.io/buy/](https://obits.io/buy/)  

##### What is an ICOO?

For ITOs/ICOs, the ICOO token funds projects. If you like to know more about what ICOO is, please logon to [https://icoo.io/](https://icoo.io/) 
Also check please these videos:
Crowdfunding the market's dream [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAjYA_6T2Ac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAjYA_6T2Ac)
ICOO - How to trade a token before anyone else [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_fDWnwSBZQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_fDWnwSBZQ)  

##### What is the date of next OBITS voting

As there are still not enough voting-eligible holders to make a difference, the next time we will have OBITS voting is expected to be between September-November 2017. It will absolutely be after the ITO's of the eDEV freelancer platform and GetGame, the start-up Games development and growth platform.  We have added OBITS WARRANTS in connection with both previously mentioned projects, same as with Apptrade, with the aim to add a noticable amount of holders by end of year 2017. The estimated total of OBITS holders by the end of 2017 is around 3000, and as of April 10, 2017 we are at 1075.

##### I've just stumbled on your website looking at ICO/ITO to fund a venture. Previously I looked at colored coins, and then ethereum as a way to create digital assets/contracts. Does your site allow others to create/crowdfund for their projects?

Yes, we can help you to start crowdfund for your projects or support existing crowdsale. But we need to know more about you, your company and project.

##### We are wondering what services you offer to companies who are looking at ITO/ ICO. Is there an application form once we decide that we would like to proceed? 

As noted experts in launching ITOs/ICOs, OpenLedger Crowdfunding Services include:
Crowdfunding Technology: Asset Issuing, Asset Distribution, Crowdfunding Module, Multisig Escrow Service, Pre-Token Trading, Token Exit Options, and Token Crowdsale Page Creation
Marketing: Branding, Product Validation, Marketing & Business Strategy, Website Design & Creation, Investor Relations, Content Creation, Blog Promotion, Advertising, Whitepaper Creation, Translations, Video Production, Newsletter Coverage 
Public Relations: Press Release Services, Media Coverage, Interview Arrangements
Legal: Legal Analysis, Regulatory Analysis, Token Structure Advising 

##### I can't login. My password is not working, but it is definitely correct.

The most common reason when people cannot login and receive message that password incorrect - they are trying to login in wrong place.
Please note that:
- nobody can change your password except you
- password is not changing by itself

You can login with ACCOUNT MODEL here https://openledger.io/ with login and password

You can login with WALLET MODEL here  https://openledger.io/existing-account with your backup file and password

Hint. If your account was created before April 2017 then you definitely use wallet model.
